docs(langsmith): document per-workspace OAuth client credentials (#4518)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/llm-auth-proxy-self-hosted.mdx

- Inject provider-specific API keys or auth headers without exposing them to end users.
- Transform request or response bodies (for example, converting between OpenAI format and a custom gateway format).

> For OAuth2 `client_credentials` specifically, [OAuth client credentials on a model configuration](/langsmith/model-configurations#oauth-client-credentials) offers a self-service alternative that workspace admins can configure without deploying an `ext_authz` service.

Reviewer: Would say you don't need the auth proxy at all in this case right?

Author: Correct. It's one or the other; can't be _both_. Either LLM Auth Proxy path is active or the OAuth path is active. I'll fix.

Author: Updated.

Yes. When the auth proxy is only reachable through internal Kubernetes networking (no public ingress), add `SSRF_ALLOW_K8S_INTERNAL` to all services that make LLM calls and both `SSRF_ALLOW_K8S_INTERNAL` and `SSRF_ALLOW_PRIVATE_IPS_PLAYGROUND` to the `playground` service. See [Deploy without a public ingress](#deploy-without-a-public-ingress) for configuration details.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="When should I use the LLM auth proxy versus OAuth client credentials on a model configuration?">

> Use the LLM auth proxy when authentication needs custom logic beyond OAuth2 `client_credentials`—for example, exchanging the LangSmith JWT for a provider-specific token, injecting GCP or AWS identity, or rewriting request and response bodies. Use [OAuth client credentials on a model configuration](/langsmith/model-configurations#oauth-client-credentials) when each workspace or team needs to self-service its own OAuth2 `client_credentials` against a custom gateway. Both can coexist within the same organization; routing is per-configuration.

Reviewer: Could per-user oauth creds be implemented with this now? One model config per user, in theory?

Author: irl: sorta, if by convention. If A and B have their own presets, there's no control available to prevent A from using B's preset. And vice versa.

> Use the LLM auth proxy when authentication needs custom logic beyond OAuth2 `client_credentials`—for example, exchanging the LangSmith JWT for a provider-specific token, injecting GCP or AWS identity, or rewriting request and response bodies. Use [OAuth client credentials on a model configuration](/langsmith/model-configurations#oauth-client-credentials) when each workspace or team needs to self-service its own OAuth2 `client_credentials` against a custom gateway. Both can coexist within the same organization; routing is per-configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the LLM auth proxy when authentication needs custom logic beyond OAuth2 `client_credentials`. For example, exchanging the LangSmith JWT for a provider-specific token, injecting GCP or AWS identity, or rewriting request and response bodies. Use [OAuth client credentials on a model configuration](/langsmith/model-configurations#oauth-client-credentials) when each workspace or team needs needs self-service control over its own OAuth2 `client_credentials` against a custom gateway. Both can coexist within the same organization; routing is per-configuration.
```
